Turn off automatic screen captures in PostHog (#1383)
planetary-social/nos: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Removed analytics events sent each time the user navigate to a new screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabled automatically generated analytics events that were sent each time the user navigated to a new screen.
```
